# BookIT Project Description##Main PageThe main page should check whether the given user has been logged in. If the user has not been logged in out platform we have to offer him a short tutorial with blur and focus on what he should do to register and make his first booking. Or offer a 3 min entering video tutorial explaining how to on **BookIT**.##RegistrationDuring the registration process the user checks to register as a **business** or **individual**.###BusinessRegistration The **business registration** will last for about **20 minutes** and it will be the only thing that a given business will have to do. It has to provide a progress bar with circles on the given registration steps. Example of steps:####Step 1. Personal details and credentials of the owner		* Uploading logo		* Company name and information necessary		  for producing payment invoice when the product is not free		* Number of places if it is business chain.		* Total amount of workers. 		Business places count and Total amount of workers is		necessary for generating monthly 		invoice amount in future it will be based . 		They should have to be changeable in the business		settings and this will reflect to next month invoice.		####Step 2. Setting up employees in each business place		* Employees names		* Employees position		  for producing payment invoice when the product is not free		* Number of places if it is business chain.		* Total amount of workers. Entering employees names, positions, option to add  a short biography and a picture of the employee. This step can be done again in business settings if the customer skips this step or not fully completed it.3.	Adding services and employees relations in each business place4.	Setting working hours for each business placeIndividual registrationUsernamePasswordEmailThe alternative way will be to Log in by social networks and extract the info from there. Phone number -> Must be valid! In order to complete the registration sms will be provided with secret X letters combinationIf the user has been logged in via social network we can think about sending notifications and emails 